Update sap-s4hana-cloud-connector-reference.adoc (#663)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/sap/sap-s4hana-cloud-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

> = Upgrade SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud Connector to 2.0 - Mule 4

Reviewer: Do you think this adds value?
```suggestion
= Upgrade SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud Connector 1.2.1 to 2.0 - Mule 4
```

Reviewer 2: I think there will prob be future releases of 1.2.x, in which case we will update the table. So I think it' best to leave it out of the title.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Upgrade Anypoint Connector for SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud to take advantage of the increased security offered by using OAuth 2.0 authentication to connect to SAP S/4HANA OData. 

== Supported Upgrade Paths

This is direct upgrade from version 1.2.1 version to 2.0.0. 

[%header,cols="50a,50a"]
|===
|From Version | To Version
|1.2.1 |2.0.0
|===

== Changes in This Release

> * Support for OAuth 2.0 +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OAuth 2.0 is supported.+
```
...for parallelism with peer list items.

> ** The *OAuth 2.0 Application Connection Provider* option has been added to *Connection* types. For information about the configuration parameters for this connection type, see xref:sap-s4hana-cloud-connector-reference.adoc[SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud Connector Reference]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *OAuth 2.0 Application Connection Provider* option has been added to *Connection* types. For information about the configuration parameters for this connection type, see xref:sap-s4hana-cloud-connector-reference.adoc[SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud Connector Reference]. 
```

* Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4.2.1 or later is required. 
* The default value for the *Service directory* field has been removed. 

> * The base package has been changed, which means that all exported classes now have different fully-qualified names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Because the base package has been changed, all exported classes now have different fully qualified names. 
```

* The group ID of the connector’s JAR has changed. 

== Requirements and Limitations

> There are some requirements and limitations you should be aware of before you upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer: Avoid beginning sentences with "There is" or "There are":
```suggestion
Be aware of the following requirements and limitations before you upgrade to the latest version.
```

=== Requirements

> You must use Mule 4.2.1 or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must be using Mule 4.2.1 or later. 
```

=== Limitations

> Before you perform the upgrade, be aware that this upgrade breaks backward compatibility. 

Reviewer: Omit repetition of subtopic introduction in container topic:
```suggestion
This upgrade breaks backward compatibility. 
```

== Upgrade Prerequisites

> Before you perform the upgrade, you must create a backup of your files, data, and configurations in case you need to restore to the previous version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you upgrade, create a backup of your files, data, and configurations in case you need to restore to them.
```

== Upgrade Steps

Follow these steps to perform the upgrade:

. In Anypoint Studio, create a Mule project.

> . In the Mule Palette view, click *Search in Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Mule Palette*, click *Search in Exchange*.
```

> . In the *Add Dependencies to Project* window, enter `SAP S/4HANA OData` in the search field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Add Dependencies to Project*, enter `SAP S/4HANA OData` in the search field.
```

> . In the *Available modules* section, select *SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud Connector* and click *Add*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Available modules*, select *SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud Connector* and click *Add*.
```

. Click *Finish*.
. Verify that the `mule-sap-s4hana-cloud-connector` dependency version is 2.0.0 in the `pom.xml` file in the Mule project.

Studio upgrades the connector automatically.

== Post Upgrade Steps

> After you install the latest version of the connector, follow these steps to verify the upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install the latest version of the connector, verify the upgrade:
```

. In Studio, verify that there are no errors in the *Problems* or *Console* views.

> . Check the project `pom.xml` file and verify that there are no problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that there are no problems the project `pom.xml` file.
```

. Test the connection and verify that the operations work.

== Troubleshooting

If there are problems with caching the parameters and metadata, try restarting Studio.

== Revert the Upgrade

> If it is necessary to revert to the previous version of SAP S/4HANA OData Cloud Connector, change the `mule-sap-s4hana-cloud-connector` dependency version 2.0.0 in the project’s `pom.xml` to the version to which you want to revert. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is necessary to revert to version 1.2.1, change the `mule-sap-s4hana-cloud-connector` dependency version 2.0.0 in the project’s `pom.xml` to the version to which you want to revert. 
```
Wait, I thought only 1.2.1 and 2.0.0 were involved in this whole process...?
Okay, so be sure that none of the suggested edits changes the meaning you intended....
